    https://codepen.io/dstiles2/pen/rNaxOzE?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is when the user structures their language with MEANING. It allows for any reader/co-user to intepret rationale and understand
        why/how certain information is structured.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML, or hypertext markup language, is used by a user to communicate with the computer. It is used to develop and structure webpages, which are
        visualized on the compter or mobile device.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        All HTML elements can have attributes  - they provide additional information and are usually placed in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag is used for main, or important, headings on a webpage. It can be used as many times as needed to express how important information.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Input and text area
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        The head element contains information about an HTML document. It can include titles, styles, metadata, and more.
    7. What is an id? 
        The id element is used to specify an HTML element and is most commonly used to point to a style in CSS.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        It can be used on any HTML element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        An id can only be used once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
        It is the same thing as an id, except that it can apply to multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A class can be added to any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as the developer wants.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        It's used to provide alternate text for an image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        You use the # to reference an id.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section contains information of similar meaning/purpose. A div provides no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS, or Cascading Style Sheets, is used to "style" a webpage. It's like the furniture or paint for a house.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        If you want to select every h2, you would simply write "h2 {...}"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class is used to group similar elements and an id is meant for more specificity. For example, if you wanted to group all headings, you wouldn't 
        use an id because each heading must have a specific id. Whereas they all can be grouped by the same class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        You select classes with a "."
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        It selects all direct "children" of a specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px;
            border-style: dotted;
            border-color: black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        Universal selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        The file will be listed at the top of the terminal.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control helps people understand what changes are made to a project while multiple people are working on it.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Whenever changes have been made or you're signing-off for an extended period.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Add --> Commit --> Push (and always ensure work from the branch is being pushed to the forked master. It should never be Lambda's copy.)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        Inline elements can be nested inside other elements without disrupting the flow of content. Block elements, however, will break the flow of content.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        The position is relative to its containing block.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        display:block
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        p --> block, li--> block, img --> inline-block, div --> block, span --> inline, a --> inline
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        The box model is the way of intepreting pixels on a screen. As the name suggests, it organizing pixels by boxes (content -->
        padding --> border --> margin) The box model has limitations, so the CSS property "display" helps with this.